well look it was interesting especially
that last VC panel we had was really
great it was a really high parts and it
was interesting how critical
um the team was from ggv and vertex and
others of some of that right being
behind I do think it's true I don't know
if that's the question you're asking
right I I having said that
I I may be drawing it's it's tough to
draw analog you have to be careful about
drawing analogies from different
cultures and different communities but
again when I started investing in euro
to US companies in 2013 2014 2015 people
said a lot of the same things
um that the teams were not driven they
didn't have big enough exits they didn't
have CEOs to look up to it might have
been different in that I think the
engineering cultures in some ways in
software were more mature
um but there weren't the tons of
startups in Europe like like there were
in the US right
um but what I found in in me what I
found is the best CEOs find a way
the best CEOs would blend the best of
the US and the West with Europe and you
know and typically they would end up
with hybrid teams back in the day the
CEO one of the co-founders and some of
the VPS would often be in the Bay Area
and they would leave a lot of core
Engineering in Europe right I'm not
saying that APAC and Asia is the same
model but I don't see any reason it
can't be and in fact I think
in some ways I think things should be
easier today because we're all running
distributed teams we're all running we
don't we're all used to it now
um and yeah it's hard and I was talking
with a great VP of sales just before
they're saying how hard it was to
recruit from Asia well let me tell you
it's hard to recruit in the US it's hard
to recruit in the Bay Area it's hard to
recruit in Palo Alto it's it's always
hard but at least if you have if you
build something amazing you may be able
to convince someone anywhere across the
world to join you and I'll tell you in
before covid
before March 2020 there was zero percent
chance a great seat okay what less than
one percent chance a great CEO in
Singapore could convince a U.S VP of
sales to join them they just wouldn't do
it they'd be like I'm an uh that's a
death sentence I need to be sitting five
feet from my CEO I need to be in the
office with her the dumbest thing in the
world as a VP of sales would be to join
to be the the the to join somewhere
where I'm not five people that that
world has changed I'm not saying it's
easy to get her or him to join you but I
think people underestimate how powerful
it is that we're all running distributed
teams and that should be an asset to
anyone they're not easy not easy no one
wants to join something growing slowly
in a boring space that's always a tough
It's always a tough sell but I don't see
why it's not better I don't see why over
time that Europe to us thing just can't
be reproduced and you build you find a
way and and I and the more of these VC
stories can be really annoying but you
do you do hear certain truisms of the
best which is they they relentlessly
recruit the best seos recruit 20 to 30
percent of the time constantly 20 to 30.
if you're not spending 20 to 30 percent
of your time as a CEO recruiting after a
million or two in Revenue you're not
getting the job done
like it's that hard you got to be
interviewing 30 40 50 people for every
position you got to have in-house
recruiters external recruiters right
hand recruiters left-hand recruiters you
got to be networking with everyone in
the world you've got to be asking
everyone great you meet you happen to
know anyone free do you know anyone
great I'm looking for a VP of sales I'm
looking for a director a customer says
do you know anyone constantly every hour
all the time every Zoom every meeting
you you should have asked 40 people here
if they know anyone great looking and
even if you come up short that's just
part of the job so a rambly answer to
say I don't yeah it clearly the talent
pools here are more limited than in the
US and and more limited but I don't see
why in this world you you can't build a
world beating team from anywhere with a
certain amount of density you need a
certain amount it really helps to have a
certain amount of founder density I do
think it's hard to build a successful
SAS company
if you're in a Geo where you know no one
where there's no one like you right
um I mean personally like I mean I
mostly live in the Bay Area which is the
best but for family reasons during covet
I spent about half the time in Orange
County
which is in Southern California near La
but a different environment where
there's no Tech
it is the lamest Community for
technology I've ever it's beautiful it's
on the beach there's Laguna Beach the
waves are nice uh the sky is shining but
but I I and and it it was uninspiring in
tech right to know no one right the CMO
of Canada Lee just moved there by
coincidence so I now have one friend the
exam of calendly that's it but no one
else it's all just real estate people
Surfers retirees somewhat wealthy people
it's unclear how they make their money
and uh you know that makes the
restaurants fun but it's not inspiring
but if you have enough critical mass if
you have a Miami or in Atlanta or I
think a Singapore although I'm not sure
I'm learning
um and I don't see any reason any reason
at all why from Bangalore or others you
can't build a world beating company I
don't see any reason I I other than time
zones I don't see any any reason I don't
see why it can't be done from Tokyo I
don't see why it can't be done um that's
just me though
anybody else have can I help with the
question
hey Jason I have a question uh first of
all I just want to say that uh I
followed your journey for a very long
time so the ancestor Apec was here and
I've been telling you everybody I'm here
on my own payroll I'm not on my
company's payroll so a little price I
purchased it myself and I just said and
I don't want to be on my company's
favorite so I don't own them leads or
anything right I just want to come here
and learn so that's it so we love to
grab a photo of you later on but I have
two questions so number one
um how did the idea of sister Apec came
about and why Singapore so I'm born and
bred in Singapore I would love to know
why you chose Singapore and how did this
Apec planning came about and secondly
what do you think based on your
understanding of APAC what do you think
is something good that we have that we
should Double Down yes and what do you
think is something that
that can be improved and I know it's a
tricky question because Apec is so
diverse but I would just love to hear
our thoughts
um
well look the first one I mean not to
spend too much time on on nichy things
why APAC uh we wanted to do it in 2020
covid set us back and we had to focus on
when we came back on on us and Europe
um I mean look the the you you can't
everyone needs to be cognizant of SAS
buying patterns right
um you know the majority of SAS spend is
in North America the majority Europe is
number two
um it should be equal by GDP across the
world but it just isn't it just is it
doesn't make any sense to me at some
level I mean we all run in the cloud
spend to me should be proportionate to
GDP or something but it simply isn't
right it's a maturity and you know the
average Enterprise company in the US has
over 400 B2B apps and the average SMB
has over a hundred it's just a level of
maturity that I'm not sure we have in
other markets
um I I know we don't so
um I I kind of got a little distracted
in your answer but nevertheless
APAC 4 B2B is the distant number three
okay for most there are exceptions it's
usually you start off most folks start
off in North America typically
um then these folks in in Britain and
Australia speak English so they start
buying your product if it if it doesn't
have regulatory or border issues so you
start getting a little traction
especially you know you know Britain is
still the largest market for software in
in Europe so you get a little bit going
and maybe you get a little more traction
in France and all of a sudden it's 10 of
your revenue or 15 of your Revenue so
actually I think most folks wait too
long to have an emea office
um you at least want to do it by the
time you have a couple million in
Revenue to service those customers right
and then but then think about it how
long does it take to get a couple
million in Revenue in aipac for a North
American Center company you might have
to get to I was thinking about this
outside you might have to get to 50
million in Revenue until you naturally
have a couple million of Revenue coming
in through it back unless you force it
right unless you make it happen so
putting out you know so it's a distant
three but obviously it's the number
three and so we wanted to do it for a
while we picked Singapore
uh because it's the easiest I've been
here I knew parts of Singapore none of
most of the team had never been to Asia
um and while most much more of saster is
based in India
um we had to pick somewhere and this
stuff's hard to do with a team of ten so
we picked something that I thought
people would think was fun and that
logistically
um we could we could pull off
um and
it also helped
it would have been fine in Bangalore
probably but even though Singapore
itself is not a huge Market you do want
the VCS here right we had so many of the
best VCS here from Sequoia to Bessemer
to light speed uh to capital B to on and
on and um there's just so many that are
either in Singapore or frequently coming
that that makes it easier than trying to
cajole people right
so hopefully that answers both the
questions the the second one what about
the what based on the interaction with
people here what do you think we are
really good at that we should double
down and what do you think there are
things that maybe
our culture wise we need to improve to
kind of catch up to our better
counterparts well listen I'm going to
say something kind of crazy okay so
forgive me we're among friends right
Okay so
this is very different than when we're
in Paris or Barcelona or London where we
do events right honestly I I could be in
in San Jose California right now
now we are indoors so I don't know
there's no windows we usually have
better natural light at our venues but
um I know this sounds crazy but I can't
tell
when I'm in the Bay Area I see Bessemer
I see Excel who did I see today I saw
best Marcel I see Sequoia I saw Bessemer
excel in Sequoia today right
um you know it's very different and I
don't mean to to to make any to to
compare different cultures but you know
the Bay Area is probably you know the
South Bay where we are it's probably 20
30 Asian American of all different types
I I you know if I was in the San Jose
Convention Center where this Australian
2019 it looked a lot like this people
everyone here is speaking English right
let's I mean let's let's be it's a huge
advantage in SAS to be a native English
speaker right not everyone has different
degrees of fluency in English I'm just
being specific I know this sounds silly
but I don't see a lot to challenge
everybody I don't see a lot of gates to
success here it doesn't feel I don't I
don't the quality of entrepreneurs I've
met is very similar to the one million
two million five million 10 million
error folks I mean in the US the capital
markets are much smaller but the same
names are here they're the checkbooks
are here if you break out you can raise
capital is it harder than uh being in
the Bay Area sure but it just the one
thing I can tell you if it's helpful is
it it doesn't feel very different here
it doesn't it felt very different being
in Barcelona uh last summer for SAS
Europa when everyone's partying and the
Tech Community is very small I mean I
love Barcelona been many times but boy
that it feels it feels familiar so take
it as a challenge to
not not not not have any excuses don't
don't go find those people go find those
customers people buy products over the
internet today you got to visit your
customers in person but people buy over
Zoom people want best of breed software
um and you know and again not to be not
to accidentally have any cultural male
propositions but all the top US tech
companies are run by Asian Americans or
Indian Americans all of them right am I
are there any that aren't AMD Microsoft
Google who am I missing like I I I I
just think we are there is no there's no
I know it's not the same but I just
don't feel like anyone should feel
there's any barriers to Global dominance
here I I don't personally see them I
haven't been doing this for a long time
I don't I don't feel that I don't see it
and it feels to me uh I again I feel
like I could be in a U.S Tech Community
right here it wouldn't feel any
different
all right thank you so much for that
hi Jason Hi uh looking at your own
sisters marketing strategy what's top of
mind for you this year for Sasser itself
yeah do you think you mean we have a
strategy I don't know
strategy
um well boy that's awfully Niche topic I
I but if you're curious right as I guess
a as a stakeholder in the community I
mean I don't know that we have we don't
really have a marketing strategy or or
even a marketing team
um you know the goal for you know
Community actually is an area that's
much more of interest to people today
right building Community around their
products building Community it's become
a a marketing buzzword in hotspot how
can I build a community right
um and saster is an early an early
example of a successful organic
community so it is interesting for
marketers are so the way I think about
Community is um
and a lot of folks that have developer
Centrics products think a lot about
Community too right your community
developers is um job number one two and
three is to add value to your community
each year a community will either
organically grow because you will
network with each other you will go home
and bring someone else next year you
will bring two people you will be three
people you will share disaster content
in your slack or by email and it will
naturally grow if you nurture it or it
will slowly degrade over time right
we've all seen communities or a random
Facebook group that we don't check in in
anymore it just wasn't valuable right so
this marketing strategy is
each year to add at least one
significant piece of value to the
community and one numbered minor but
important piece of value for the
community so probably this might count
as our number two like this is not this
is important enough right and that if we
can make APAC really big that would be a
contribution to to the community right
that would be a number two
um in terms of number one the most
important thing and we're a little bit
behind on it although I guess it's only
February is we we have a bunch of ideas
about how to radically improve CEO and
VP matchmaking and Co and VC matchmaking
and and we do a bunch of it at saster
annual and we do a little bit of Europa
and we we know how to do this
programmatically
um I just need to hire one other person
to help me but hopefully by the summer
we'll be able to do a much better job
matching VPS passively to CEOs and
matching VCS to cos and I think for
folks in a distributed world or folks
that are all across the world I think
it'll be even more helpful than folks
that can bump into people
um you know on the street so those are
kind of the the goals
um
and then in terms of Strat boy that's as
far as strategy gets
um but ultimately you know we we if
um if you really want too much Niche
insights I think if um if saster grows
about
70 bigger and it depends what metric you
use to measure it then we kind of enter
the stratosphere because saster is like
um
it is a huge deal for Founders right and
Executives it's where Eric Juan learned
SAS and Stuart Butterfield during SAS
and so that's why we get so many great
speakers because they were part of
saster so early on
um but um it's still elective right
being part of saster is a special
Community people opt in right in terms
of the kind of value that we want to add
having the feeling that if you're at
that you have to be part of saster if
not as a Founder as an executive if
Salesforce people feel like they have to
be their Oracle I know it sounds silly
but like we want to be something that
every part of the ecosystem wants to
connect with Founders
um and and we're getting there but we're
still kind of an elective opt-in
community events and things we're not
mandatory
um and that's kind of the goofy goal but
for everyone to feel like
some part of saster they have to be a
part of like not maybe the way the folks
in this room are but anyhow that may be
too much information for you but that's
kind of the ultimate the ultimate goal
awesome thank you thanks
thanks hey Jason big fan thank you
thanks for coming okay uh the question I
have is slightly on like product growth
um area
um so we have like we are a SAS business
we have customers in about 80 90
countries and number one question that's
most of them
yes but these are mostly like in
English-speaking countries and we are
like lots of requests coming in from
non-native English speaking countries in
terms of uh localization and we've been
like sort of like putting that off
because uh like it's not just like
localization of like the product itself
but it's all like content and marketing
and like like looks like a big effort
um to like commit to like more languages
and like a river but yeah I get it I
understand yeah uh so my question would
be uh in what have you typically seen in
terms of like companies that like one
million five million like in terms of
error yes uh where do you see companies
committing more
um to like specific local specific
languages uh when it comes to growth
well I'm shocked I'm shocked I I do ask
a lot of CEOs that I I don't do that
many CEO universe but I do ask him and I
found that um I'm shocked how late a lot
of SAS companies localize at all levels
back in the day when I was running Adobe
sign Echo signing we were competing with
DocuSign we fully Lo and it was a pain
right it was full we fully localized a
two byte app all across the every piece
of it in every language under the world
uh and we did it around three to four
million in Revenue
um and the reason we did it I had to
push the team to do it as a CEO the team
didn't want to do it they didn't see it
but when I started meeting with our top
customer when I started we had a lot of
tech customers back in the day so we had
Facebook and Groupon and Google and
Twitter and their sales teams were using
us back in the day and they said I'm
sending contracts to India or maybe not
India I'm sending contracts to France
I'm sending contracts to Germany I'm
sending contracts to Korea and it would
be great if the all of the interface was
localized okay and we quickly realized
we could win tons of deals in Tech if we
did this so I forced the team to do it
and then we went on a run where we won
like every sales team that was Tech
focused that had a global sales force
right we just won every deal so that's I
thought that's what everybody should do
sometimes around three four five now I
realize folks are waiting until 100
million sometimes to do it that's and
I'm shocked I'm shocked at I'm shocked
because
um listen I know a lot of folks miss our
okay they don't architect their apps in
the early days to be localized and it's
a lot of work but it's also sort of well
understood and there are tools and Niche
tools and platforms to do it and it
doesn't have to be perfect you know you
can Outsource all the translations in
the libraries and how it all works and
you can start off with something that's
like 85 and not perfect and that won't
let you compete with the needed vendor
but it might be enough for you to do
what you want to do and and you can make
it incrementally better and then we
hired a small team that did it
um of three in the beginning and their
job was just to continue this process
forever right we had like a designer an
engineer and then like sort of a PM and
just every every release they had to
improve this process even though we
didn't architect initially it then
became abstracted away from our other
release process so we could continually
improve every piece of it and it was
just a winner
um so I don't know if those stories are
helpful but I think we wait to I think
we wait two there's a whole bunch of
things that
we wait to do we wait too long to
Enterprise our apps we wait to we've got
vanta here we wait too long to do sock
complaints we wait too long to do HIPAA
compliance and we look back we're like
the team was whiny but why didn't we we
lost four deals for not being sock
compliant it was like we had to do the
work anyway and I think for a lot of us
we'll find that localization will like
uh like what you know yeah it's a pain
and everything's a pain but you know we
just wasted our life not doing it
earlier so I don't those are those are
the best learnings I have and I I I'm
shocked how many folks wait so long
today and look back and I'm like they're
like it was it just gets harder
right so if you can do it in single
digit Millions I think that's my
challenge try to do it insane try to
fully localize your app in in single
digit Millions right
okay thanks a lot
hi Jason Hi Jason thanks for coming
pleasure
I like that about you
thanks for coming soon I'd also put a
note on my LinkedIn saying that if you
have to truly learn customer success
this is what thank your customer thank
you community okay my question uh Jason
is uh what are the top three SAS Matrix
I mean we've been speaking about not
star metric Etc
but what according to you are going to
be the top three metrics do you see that
you know the SAS Matrix also evolve in
the times to come and uh there is a
shift in say from nrr or CAC LTV by CAC
Etc to a different metric uh what is
your you know uh
guess or Vision or futuristic Outlook
there's too many metrics the internet is
too many people talking about too many
metrics what according to you could be
to talk how quickly do you how quickly
can you grow
and how efficiently that's all that
matters okay right now
nothing else matters it doesn't matter
what your cat like if your cat is
terrible and you're profitable who cares
like I mean we could dig into the weeds
right there are companies with great
cacs that are burning Millions per month
they're measuring tack wrong they have
too many people there are folks with
miserable CAC but they're not blending
they're viral and free customers and so
actually it's fine
right all these sub they're all all
these sub metrics are great CAC CLTV
blah blah blah blah but really what
matters is can you grow quickly
efficiently and there are
different ways to get there there are
folks that do it with a very limited
sales team like atlassian back in the
day right there are folks that do it
with relatively lean product teams there
are folks like and that that's really
what Zoom did zoom zoom is a great team
but had a relatively tight small
engineering team and a viral app so Zoom
was profitable almost from day one okay
there's others like Zoom info which we
talked about earlier what zooming what
what Henry did was great is he was
Scrappy he just did everything less 20
Less in product 20 less than sales 20
Less in marketing not perfect and he's
selling data so it helps but if you
spend 20 less than average like you're
gonna be that's what matters and and and
and and I remember I interviewed Ben
Chestnut at sastra annuals here for
MailChimp which was bootstrapped I asked
him what his CAC was in his nrr he
didn't know
he It's the funniest thing go watch this
session I asked him all the acronyms I
asked him who is uh you know all he
didn't know any of this he's running he
got this company all the way to a
billion in Revenue he didn't know any of
these things right he didn't know who
his ICP was he didn't know any because
it didn't matter
he didn't even know his nrr he looked at
the Top Line in the bottom that's an
extreme example right so I I illustrate
that by saying look all these metrics
matter okay especially for managing your
team and for managing departments but
don't get lost in the religion of them
like they're going to solve your
problems right it is you can you can go
you can go amok by by you can run out of
money with a great CAC
right okay now having said all that
as you scale as you scale assuming you
have a good team and assuming you have
product Market fit what we all learn as
we scale as if as As Leaders as Founders
is the only one that matters is top tier
nrr anywhere
it solves for everything else top tier
NR you have other issues to deal with on
a daily or weekly basis if your NR is
not top 25 percent invest in it figure
out what's wrong figure out what your
product is missing figure out why it's
not expanding enough figure out what's
going on we can't all be in the top one
percent or ten percent but be worried
and another great session from Sasser
annual this September if you want to
watch it I did it with the founders of
HubSpot Brian Halligan and darmesh Shaw
and HubSpot had horrific nrr for a long
time it was 75 at 30 million in Revenue
horrific horrific and eventually they
got it up to 100 and then finally to 110
after the IPO and there was always their
North part they knew it they knew it
wasn't good enough
um they had product Market fit and and
the point for the learning from upside
it's it's not that we can't tolerate
some mediocre metrics for a while but
you have to have us plan to get them up
and they never let they know they knew
that for the type of smes they were
selling to that it was gonna be a while
they get to 100 but it was always their
goal so this is the thing is SAS is not
really that interesting without 100 nrr
from smbs and like 120 from the
Enterprise because you can kind of
sleepwalk
I mean not literally but it's what makes
the business model work is that the
revenue occurs right so it just and
every startup I've worked with that
doesn't have top quartile nrr it just
sometimes you don't know in the early
days right but it just gets hard after
10 or 20 million Revenue it just gets
too hard and they slow down and they get
bogged down and so that's why I think
most Founders will tell you
it's the ma it's the magical metric
right as the NR is and but but know your
comp set know your peer set know who
you're we're not all snowflake right
we're not you you can't compare yourself
to some random Morgan Stanley or Goldman
Sachs understand your peer set and who
they are and what top quartile is
Force the team to build the software and
build the customer success team to
achieve it
thank you
hi Jason Hi my question is uh so there
are some successful bootstrap companies
like Zoho athletician and uh ah strips
over here and uh I want to understand as
a booster for myself what about the
startups uh startups who have not done
so well and what are they are missing
out or what are they not doing well uh
to become so successful as the other
successful bootstrap what are that what
are the the goods bootstraps doing
versus the less successful ones yeah
well look first of all I really think
this um
bootstrap versus Venture back thing it
is an important line right because
Capital helps but I I think it's almost
misdiscussed right first of all most
startups
um at least for a while cannot raise
venture capital or only raise a little
bit of seed funding
to outside of the Ben chestnuts of the
world in atlassians or zohos it's rarely
a choice
people talk about bootstrapping like a
lifestyle Choice Sequoia offered me 100
million but I decided to bootstrap like
it's not it's not really that I very few
people turn down 10 million or 20
million to bootstrap I do know a few
right and I get it and they're very
purposeful and intentional
um but usually it's just we're
bootstrapping is forced on us and um you
know I remember we asked Michael Cannon
Brooks from atlassian at saster annual
way back I think in 2017. what he thinks
about bootstrapping versus Adventure
back and his point was look when we
started in 2000 the world was pretty
slow I don't think it would work today
I think Ben Chestnut said the same thing
for MailChimp when I asked and and so a
lot of folks either were forced to
bootstrap and they often and the ones
that were successful often started in
categories where there was time
there was time and again not to use my
own category but in e-signatures when it
was just us and DocuSign
it was four years until there was
10 million of Revenue in the category so
it sucked those four years but we had
time it was kind of slow we had time to
to do it other categories if you want to
compete with figma or notion dude you
don't have time you can't make a product
that's an eighth as good as notion or
Zoom there's no there's no time is there
so it's very context sensitive
um so I know I'm giving you a lot of
data and then let me tell you what I've
learned and this is where I think the
atlassian qualtrics and others are
interesting
um is somewhere between 10 and 20
million in Revenue depending on your
sales motion the models converge
the models converge so if you have 20
million in revenue and you're
bootstrapped and you're willing to spend
all 20 right you can basically hire as
many people as Avenger back startup can
now you may be stingier and you may not
throw money away but basically you end
up with 20 million dollars a year to
invest at 20 million right if you're
bootstrapped most venture-backed
companies can't you know yeah that maybe
they burn a little bit more but you end
up having the same amount to spend on
the team on marketing and IT normalizes
right so
the the most successful bootstrap
companies find a way to get to 10 to 20
million and then then they become as
competitive as the funded ones
then they become but they're often not
they have to to get to that 10 20
million you often have to be in a less
competitive category or a quirky
category or category that stays longer
to survive and you if you bootstrap in a
Ultra Dynamic category man man it's
tough right it can it can it's tough
right there are examples so that you
gotta in every Founders got it you gotta
you got to pick your battles in the
early days and you have to find
categories where you can win you have to
find I talk a lot about how you have to
build a 10x feature to be a com you
can't beat notion today but you might do
one thing notion does it ten times
better than notion does to beat them or
figma or whomever you want to pick here
or Sana one thing you could be 10x
better
um but you might also need a business
model that supports that right and in a
space that is evolving just slowly
enough that bootstrapping works and
bootstrapping in a hyper you better you
better tilt to a space that people are
overlooking maybe a vertical in your
industry right or a segment of your
industry that they're overlooking or
maybe all the energy is in in Tech or
you could do what Monday did right not
that Monday was bootstrap Monday is like
hey we'll do normal people for project
management We're Not Gonna We're Not
Gonna compete with and to some extent
click up bootstrap to 25 million the
same way they both came into
collaboration and said we're not going
to sell to Tech so much especially
Monday we're going to sell to ordinary
businesses and it was harder but it also
meant they didn't need to compete with
all the tech leaders right it's another
way to do it so hopefully that's helpful
thank you yeah yeah
go ahead
oh well whoever first we'll go one two
yeah okay
okay here's Jason oh
so my question is like uh while we are
doing brain dates today so excellent uh
Forum but what I realize I'm talking
about SAS Matrix and revenue booking uh
so there are various ways in which
different companies you know calculate
or compute the formulas they use for
particular scenes sorry for Revenue
booking because there are multiple
elements they can be one time they can
be customization there can be there can
be multiple you know I'm hearing your
question if there's a reason I'm
frowning but keep going so okay and the
other thing is so one is on the revenue
booking there's there's only one way to
measure Gap Revenue
okay yeah generally accepted accounting
principles
how much revenue came in this month that
I'm allowed to recognize that came in
this month
the further you go away from Gap
the boar
fracked up your business is going to be
now when you come out of a Microsoft or
an adobe where I briefly worked for
others there's a lot of reasons they
move away from Gap financials okay I can
tell you a funny story in a minute but
don't listen to those numbers how how
like all that really matters is how much
did your AR grow or your Mr Grow not
that everything else is is a subordinate
metric but but keep going right yeah the
question is what all should go into that
MRI because you know we have Revenue
yeah Revenue but what does that all of
it all of it okay what about what about
customization what about one thing do we
spread it in three months do we spread
it in 36 months that's a different
question
all revenue let me simplify all this
cookiness
all your Revenue should go into your
Revenue your number one metric each
month should be Revenue that's right and
your Revenue should have all your
Revenue
and if all of your revenue is not
software or recurring you build a stack
chart or a pie chart and you segment it
seventy percent of our do what's take a
look at Shopify and we summarize it on
saster Shopify is like 30 of its
revenues from SAS like 60 is from
payments and 10 is from other stuff so
Shopify says hey we're doing 4 billion
or whatever they're at and here's our
chart and here's how to here's how to
segment our business
right we got into trouble in 2021 was
when fintechs and others would claim a
lot of 10 or 20 gross margin Revenue
with software Revenue at 80 margin they
would obscure these things just break it
down just forget about recurring Revenue
that just start with Revenue like we
have since the the Middle Ages okay
Revenue what's your and get first start
with first principles which is get your
Revenue right each month your actual
Revenue
two
if you're not sure what to spread out
and what not to spread out you don't
have enough financial help you need a
part-time controller or someone with
experience with recurring and
non-recurring revenue so they have the
answer there's it's not discretionary
how you do it generally speaking if you
sign a 12-month software contract you
have to recognize the 12th of it each
month in terms of Professional Services
there's like slightly different
approaches sometimes you do it radically
over and it's changed the last couple
years sometimes it's radically over the
course of the contract sometimes you
have to recognize it when the services
are are delivered and sometimes it's
upfront but your financial person comes
up with a policy and you stick with it
you don't change it to make the quarter
you don't change it to make the VC that
looks good you start with revenue and a
consistent way and you segment it
honestly in a consistent way to approach
it that's the real answer okay sure and
then the further you start talking about
things like bookings the more you're
getting into trouble
okay the more I want credit for a
four-year deal I want credit for all
this stuff up front I want credit for a
pilot that may or may not happen that's
a bookings
you can do that if you want but that's a
big company construct they get small
companies in a lot of trouble what
matters in small companies is cash
and then cash and then revenue and then
and then all the rest right so just
don't go too far from it right I mean
I'll give you the last example like
after my you know my after Echo side my
old startup was acquired by Adobe Adobe
used their processes on us and they said
forget about I only paid my reps on
error on new AR that new aren't paid up
a lot of money Adobe said hey
we'll pay you a full commission on on
all bookings whether there's any cash or
not and so immediately and you can and
they also said discount as much as you
like
so the Reps immediately went out and
discounted every deal 50 and did a
four-year deal that was cancelable at
any time
they made so much money
they made so much their bookings were so
high and our error art fell in half
you couldn't stop them the incentive
system but boy the bookings we hit the
bookings plan you know we gotta we
wanted to go we got to do five ten
million in bookings this quarter and so
yeah hey what if you signed a 20-year
cancelable contract for an 80 discount
they didn't do that but they did four
these three to four year deals left they
were fake
they weren't lies they weren't fraud
they weren't FTX but this is what
happens when bookings corrupt got too
abstracted away from revenue right a
true true story so
um hopefully that's a little bit helpful
Revenue it's segmented and be honest
about the different categories and just
get a controller or someone with real
the key is with real B2B SAS experience
to just decide how to recognize these
categories absolutely right and then the
last point is just as a Founder you just
have to decide or you could compensate
all these categories of Revenue the same
or not right and if most of the revenue
is recurring don't worry about it just
don't you've got to keep sales plans
simple the more complicated you make a
comp plan the more people are just
you're gonna have those crazy stories
like in Adobe like the crazy stuff's
gonna happen right so keep it simple
yeah no sorry uh absolutely answer that
question in terms of SAS Matrix because
when I do benchmarking within the firm I
can continue to report the way I do but
when I Benchmark and I try to see
because same SAS metric somebody can do
it monthly somebody reports on a yearly
basis
do you take only revenue or you multiply
by gross margin so there if I search on
net there are different you know answers
for one single Matrix how do you compute
it so are we looking at some
standardization somewhere down the line
are we approaching that I think it's not
as confusing as you think I think people
are
playing playing games or they have
immature controls but at the end of the
day Top Line growth and bottom line
burner all that matters
right everything else is our do do how
much of customer success should go into
gross margin versus not going to gross
margin like yeah you can play games
there people you know until recently
people would put all of Cs
um in
basically sales or sometimes product and
engineer split it so that they would
have like 75 or 80 gross margins now
we've gotten more nuanced than what a
lot of companies do is they're like okay
the piece of customer success that's
long term will go in product and
engineering and the piece that's like up
front will go in in in in cogs or vice
versa but there's no fazbe answer
there's no perfect answer to this stuff
you just got to be consistent consistent
right yeah thanks Susan thank you
hi Jason
um I was at one of the first sastas in
the Bay Area oh thanks for coming all
those many years ago
um three quick questions I hope you can
um would you ever make it to Sydney
suddenly there's great things happening
in the ecosystem in Sydney it's really
really cranking and I know yeah it's
just the language is tough the accents
are so thick I sometimes I just don't
know what they're talking about
actually we're so International there
these days so it's um but yeah Sydney
that's number one is Sydney uh question
number two
um have you ever thought about a
spin-off conference that's kind of a
little bit more intimate I think I went
to some sessions today that were a
little bit smaller yep and they were
really conference question number two
yeah it's a really great they're Chiefs
to ask for questions what's the third
one third one a little bit left field
um the Bay Area particularly San
Francisco I've spent quite a bit of time
there and I know it's had its challenges
in terms of safety and other issues
what's I haven't been there for a couple
of years I'm curious to know what's the
sentiment and what's going on in San
Francisco Mission so let's spend some
time on the third one because I think I
can be helpful
um will we come to Sydney
um
probably not I mean we have to the the
simple answer is like we have to pick
one city for aipac we can't do 50
sasters
um Not only would it kill a team of ten
but it just dilutes everything
um once once you get like we've done
four events in Miami like and we love my
I mostly do it because I like Miami
right and you know the last one we had
the CEO of sales off which was bought by
2.5 billion with the zero of brex which
was worth 12 billion and we had the head
of demand gen for snowflakes that's a
pretty good lineup right but um but it's
hard and it's hard to get good speakers
and it's hard to get critical mass and
we're sat we don't really want to do an
event for 300 like in Miami like this is
the smallest of size event we want to do
right so as soon as we start breaking
things up and fracturing it it we it's
like you building too many features
right we we break we everything breaks
the constituency for for us everyone's
DNA is different right so we want to
attract the best of the best the best of
the best want to go to number one they
want to go to saster annual they want to
go to sassy Europa maybe we can make
that happen in saster APAC and the best
of the best don't go to number two or
number three or number four right even
though it sounds good so long-winded way
of saying like if if critical mass was
Sydney like now I was sending the
language barriers I would go for sure
like you've got great great leaders
there right but my guess is
Asia's complicated but my guess is that
we stick to to Singapore and then that's
all we can do even though there's
Arguments for uh for other things but
but it could change right but but we'd
have to move we'd have to pick one we
have to pick one Center of Excellence I
think
um the second one the third one was SF
the second one was intimate events
um no we won't do intimate events
um
the reason is first of all
um lots of people do intimate events
every Sequoia does it Bessemer everyone
here does intimate events uh up people
do dinners and they do curated small
things it's just we're a community and
we want we don't want to do intimate
events we will do the brain dates you
saw here when you come back to the
barrier London there we've really nailed
it we'll have a we have a thousand to
testoster annual we had we had an
aircraft Kanger worth of brain dates
going for three days this year and we
had them fully segmented they were all
super high quality they were screened
they were awesome so we can get some of
the benefits of that Intimacy in a large
event but we're not going to do dinners
for right other people other bus there
are we're not a bespoke community
um we want to be number one for two
through 200 million in Revenue that's
our goal number one for two through 200
so but but we will do this this this
mentorship brain Aid stuff you'll see
tons of it right and we do weekly
Workshop Wednesdays on the internet we
took one week off we do 52 week years of
like 20 or 30 40 people on on online
they're free they're awesome they're
amazing speakers but but we won't do the
the steak things uh not not this team
not not this day
um in terms of Sanford other people do
it and they do it well but we want but
no one can do this
it's another way to look at it is a lot
of people can do get 20 Founders
together but the the skill set it takes
saster annual costs 12 million dollars
saster London will cost 5 million
sasrano takes 18 months to plan
um no one else other people could do it
but no one else has the scale or the
capabilities do we want to do what we're
good at in terms of SF like don't
believe the Twitter
don't believe that if there's no other
lesson you can get today is like there's
like elements of truth of everything on
Twitter but everyone's biased right
hopefully not me but everyone's biased
the San Francisco of 2019
we ran we had a 40 000 square foot
co-working space things were crazy I
could couldn't walk one one block
without bumping into a a public company
CEO you know the day before lockdown I
saw the president of atlassian the week
before the CEO of twilio on the street
okay those days are never coming back
okay
the other thing that's never coming back
is that every B2B company had 500 sales
reps in the Bay Area
they're never coming back we're never
renting a hundred twenty floors of Soma
Soma if you go Soma south of Market
where we had everyone had 24s it's
crickets it is empty today because no
one no one's going back to having all of
their sdrs
in the Bay Area it makes no sense the
genie is out of the bottle right they
will have local offices and I think I do
think a lot of folks are coming to the
conclusion junior sales folks benefit
from the office a lot of folks believe
that but it will not be in San Francisco
but
half the VCS and half the founders never
left
and
people are streaming back
um and I think one thing and what is
interesting is that it may not be
the folks from the bay area that are
coming back because folks from the rest
of the world that want critical mass and
I don't I haven't I there's not a lot of
um APAC Southeast Asian Founders on
invested but I've invested in a ton of
European Founders and the time
difference from the Bay Area to Europe
is brutal as it is to here right so I
was just shocked that a lot of them
never left that all the all the all the
Americans left when covet hit from the
Bay Area they all they all went I'm
gonna go live with my parents in Ohio
they all scattered across the country
the Europeans stuck it out they stuck it
out when San Francisco was awful when it
was locked down when it was even
filthier than is today and I kept adding
why why you're French you're German
you're you're poor why are you staying
and they're like
there's no founder Community like this
right and it's still true today so I
think you can build a startup from
anywhere I'm not one of those people
that says you can't but
they're in B2B it is it will never be
like 2019 so all the folks that say San
Francisco isn't coming back they're
right in the sense that there will never
be no one will ever have a thousand
sales in San Francisco but if you if you
can go anywhere and you have a generic
B2B product you don't have a reason to
be in a certain geography you don't have
reason to be in New York or LA or
somewhere else you will never find the
density of Founders you find in the San
Francisco you'll never be challenged you
will never go to events and parties
um like you see there you will never see
that and and you don't need it to win
but it's powerful when you have it it is
powerful
um and so that's my I think people get
it wrong but it is it is it dirty yes we
had a we had um our tester office
uh our smaller one our original HQ is in
an old 19th century Distillery and it
has 20-foot ceilings and it's a corner
office with natural light and it looks
like it's out of a startup TV show like
beautiful whitewashed brick and
everything you see in TV but it's at the
outskirts of San Francisco it's in an
area called The Design District which
sounds cool but it's really barely in
San Francisco okay and the reason we
picked it is because I lived on the
peninsula in Palo Alto and it was the
also the closest place to San Francisco
so I could get there without blowing my
brains out in a commute
um 20 March 2020 was at the outskirts of
SFA was vibrant okay today there's no
one left except sansara which IPO
there's no there it's all gone the core
is strong but the these and so we let
our office go like we let our office go
so if you came to the Design District
where the saster office was which we
moved out of just prior to this event
you'd be like ah San Francisco's dead
like why it's dirty it's not clean it's
weird the restaurants are half closed
but go to Second and Howard or go to
other hot spots of Entre
entrepreneurship and you'll see
something that's it's it's I miss it
like I didn't miss it in 2021 and I
didn't miss it in the second half of
2022 and I'm not sure I even missed it
until our last couple times in the Bay
Area but it is just that that there's
something about density that it's been
true since Rome and it's true today so
it's it's it's still special but anyhow
the Old One's never coming back so if
that's helpful or not that that's the
real Vibe check in SF
yes
okay
I mean look everyone tries to take
shortcuts in community and buy a piece
of software and tell people to sign up
for a website or join a circle or a
Facebook group that certainly doesn't
seem to work right
um or join our slack channel that no one
moderates
um
you got to go all in I mean look the
best I don't know a great
the the couple of examples that stand
out older companies obviously gain sight
and HubSpot invested heavily there gain
sight Nick Nick believed in it from day
one
um built you know he joined it a
millionaire or CEO and and was very and
built a huge Community around customer
success very early it was seen as a very
strange strategy at the day
um but it worked out very well for them
right um that's when you can look at uh
in terms of the more digital side
HubSpot did it from day one
they did it from day one from a Content
side from all the rest and and they did
it from inbound which is a huge in World
community and they they haven't done all
of the pieces but I I can't think of a
public
non-developer-centric company that has
invested as much as HubSpot is so so the
playbooks evolve but it's at least one
to to think about right
um
and then again and then I don't have all
the perfect examples and and the third
one that comes up which you know I'm
always Community is an amorphous term
and people claim they have more
Community than they do
but if you have passionate users I
really think you can copy a lot of what
notion has done and notion is
interesting because
it took notion eight years to take off
Notions seemed like an overnight night
success story around 2019 or 2020. it
was around for a lot I don't know when
it was found in 2012 it took a long time
right and um but you know what notion
calls community in some cases is just
users but which is an issue but I would
look at everything they claim as
community and just try to copy as much
as much as you can right
um
those are those the ones I know
um you know the one that I I need to
study um for um
sorry I should have brought a drink um
that I need to to study more is um and I
should do a I'm going to write it up on
saster I just keep forgetting is um
there is the one what's the what's the
the LinkedIn for Physicians that that
ipo'd
um and uh they're huge they're worth
billions and billions of dollars that's
all the physician Community built on top
of community
no no no no no okay dude you're dating
yourself
um the uh I I should it's on my list of
five interesting learnings to write up
but
but they really did it
embarrassed what's that
Diva no not Viva um
what's it called it's called it really
should be I'll read it up uh doximity
let's see what doximity is valuation is
today
quiet IPO barely burned any money at all
um and today there were
oops
hold on
well 6.4 billion it's not bad
I mean it's not I mean it's not seven
billion but 6.44 billion is pretty good
so I I need I actually toxicities on my
list to to study and track but that's
another one that was very intentional
they wanted to build a LinkedIn for
doctors they connected and people
thought it was pretty weird in the early
days but they built this closed
regulated community and it scored 6.44
billion dollars
doximity dox IMI
yeah
you learned something from the examples
they're not they're never perfect but
you can always learn something from them
yeah
thank you
um two questions thank you okay I think
the first one's answered I was asking I
want to ask you what drink do you need
um but the second one is I mean looking
ahead right I mean you know you were
talking about differentiation and so on
uh you know there's this whole idea of
there's a platform shift generative Ai
and there's going to be like category
creation and I'm just gonna ask you what
does a category creating MVP look like
in 2023
uh is it category creating MVP yeah
uh like is it gonna be more does it need
to be monetizable or monetized from day
one does it have to have because it's
not competitive so you can't really have
a 10x better you could I think the whole
term of category creation is a stupid
vcism okay PCS are trying to simplify
investing landscape and look for
patterns of success and they're looking
for folks that were category creators
right I don't know too many Founders
that decided on Day Zero they want to be
category creators they decided hey we
need a LinkedIn for doctors or we need
custom we need to build Enterprise
customer Success software like game site
or I don't I think this is a
manufactured term I think you have to be
careful with manufactured terms that you
take the right lessons from them right
like Peter tills uh you know competing
is for losers and and things of that are
good for him
so you think it is one of his creation
like his and his folk Peter Peter Peter
Peter teal you know I mean competition
is is part of SAS
right
yeah so I don't think it's I don't think
it's for losers I I do think there are I
do think being number one in your
category in most cases in SAS you get
you do get most of the economic benefits
there's no question but I I just don't
think category Creations let me put it
differently I don't think category
creation is a strategy
what great Founders do is
they see white space that is real that
will become big that others do not see
that's not categorization they see white
space they see a gap in the marketplace
that others because they're they're too
big it's not worth their time right or a
market shift is happening that other
people don't see
um that's what grade Founders see they
see they have the personal experience
they work there they know the problem
and they see something that to them is
actually clearly there it's fairly
obvious and other people don't see it so
I don't know I I I and so that's my one
it's the other the other thing is I I
don't think there's any such thing as an
MVP in SAS yeah if you want to be a B to
C guy great I hate that term too I the
term I use and I should I used to talk
about it a lot in the early days of
saster but you want a minimum sellable
product not viable product
uh MVP is a crappy uh pre-milestone on
the way to the only Milestone that
matters is a product a customer will buy
and if you stop for a v on a way to an S
you may never monetize your product
right so what will it take to get the
questions and again we don't disaster we
tried to be a little bit early we don't
try to be too early stage so so maybe
that's why I'm pushing back a little bit
but if you're if you got to get to 10
paying customers in the most in SAS um
there are examples of folks that build
it off the back of free and freemium and
and I've done a little bit of it but
most the question is how you're going to
get 10 10 paying customers right
right yeah so thank you
anybody else got a question or two we
probably got about 10 more minutes or I
don't know when they'll kick us out
yes
thank you
hi Jason how are you doing thanks for
coming very great um first hashtra event
in Singapore
um so I have a question so I read one of
your article about late stage startup
especially B2B and it seems like VC care
more about rule of 40 and magic number
rather than just growth in 2023 so can
you share yeah can you share some of
this example where a company used to
grow at all cost but then they kind of
changed the way they operate and they'd
be able to optimize their rule of body
or magic numbers either so I don't think
that that's true yeah again I think this
is where Twitter does founders of
disservice I don't think VCS care about
the rule of 40 per se I don't think they
can what VCS want today and then they
did not want in 2021 is they want very
strong growth that's capital efficient
they want companies for at a minimum
burning less than their booking not I
know we talked about bookings but if
you're going to go from 40 to 80 this
year
um and add 40 they want you to be
burning 20.
right
um and and it's not really so much the
rule of rule of 40 like it makes sense
but those metrics are really for public
and very mature companies right they're
still true but rule of 40 kind of
implies that mediocre growth is okay if
you're profitable and that's the
disservice it's no VC is interested in
mediocre growth that's profitable like
we started this early day no one's
interested in the rule of 30. we really
VCS want rule of 100.
okay that's true and and so again going
back can we started we started this
morning with kind of an adventure AMA
it's bad advice the internet VCS do not
want are not going to invest in slow
growing profitable companies for the
most part at least U.S there may be
local investors that are okay with small
outcomes but it doesn't work you've got
to get from one or two million to 100
million or more in seven to ten years
and slow growth doesn't get you there
the rule of 40 doesn't get you to 100
million in Revenue right and so no one
really wants that it's just
everyone wants growth growth I don't
know I don't mean to ramble because I do
guitar the other day it's a crappy
crappy crappy crappy crappy crappy time
to raise a series A B C D Effigy around
it's a crappy time
the growth markets are back folks are
willing to invest now but they're still
mostly Frozen because valuations are low
and folks want Capital efficient
companies
it's hard right it is hard and it is and
people want folks anyhow ask that follow
up to the questions I want to make sure
I fully answer it but I I think people
take false comfort that slow growth and
profitability is interesting to
investors it's not necessarily a bad
path like
if you can get and you talked about
growth right if you can get to even 10
million in error I I really just wrote
this up the other day on LinkedIn it had
like 2 000 upvotes you get to 10 million
in AR let alone 20. and even Me growing
at 30 a year and you don't quit for 10
years you get pretty big
you don't get to you don't get to become
git lab or Zoom but you can get to 100
million in Revenue growing 30
compounding if you don't quit and you
don't burn a lot of money right 30 to 40
percent
um but it's very hard to attract Venture
Capital yeah and I guess to follow up
let's say a company is going to IPO
right yes and they have grit growth but
you know efficiency is not there
I mean I'm just curious what should we
optimize
um
here's the thing let me let me let me
say there's a lot of stuff we can chat
more about it let me just tell you
basically every the reason it that that
that's not going to happen there will be
a few that IPO right like that um but
they'll be destroyed in the public
markets today basically everyone that is
raised a large growth round in the last
two years
um their kpi is get to cash flow
positive
yeah exactly they're all everyone I have
multiple Investments I've made I I
didn't invest in like a ton of crazy
unicorns but I have several that couple
that raised at north of a billion
dollars in valuation with double digits
uh millions in Revenue okay and hooray
they have a lot of money in the bank
none of them are ever planning to ever
raise another dollar of capital it's
unavailable to them
they'll never be able to raise in the
current market ever again and so it
there's no there's no efficiency there's
no rule of anything it's an allowance if
this is like the last allowance you get
from your parents here's the last
hundred dollars
this is all you're getting
it's all you got to make it how could it
make it last Mom Dad how am I how how am
I gonna I know it's not my problem kid
you're 18. this is your last allowance
check and you're gonna have to get the
cash flow positive on the last check
that's what's happening right and uh and
and it just is there's um there's uh and
anyway you can ask one more follow-up
you want because I just want to make
sure it is an important issue but I just
think this is and and folks to IPO like
and listen as we chat about in the
kickoff session if multiples get higher
there will be less pressure on
efficiency there'll be less pressure on
the market and the IPOs will change
folks that the only folks that are going
to IPO for now in the next 12 to 15
months in SAS
are a handful of folks will be forced to
IPO and they may have they may barely
pull it off and have really crappy IPOs
or they'll be profitable or very
efficient companies that no one else
will IPO the ones in the middle will
Slug It Out
thank you yeah
anyone else we could probably do two
more questions I don't mean to keep
people over
no one last question
um
hey Jason first of all thank you for
hosting this event thank you thank you
yeah and I'm nikhil uh from
trimpixel.com
my question is there are things that
people should do
in this environment yes but there are
things that people would do
and for us as SAS companies I think it's
more important to figure out what people
would do and Target that rather than
what people should do
okay I'm almost with you right what's
the question the question is I would
like you to sort of explain given
experience
I would like you to sort of just focus a
bit on what people would do
in these scenarios given the habit of
human nature rather than what people
should be doing so that way all of us
here can sort of focus and cater to that
to our customers and prospective
customers
are you with me till now I'm almost I I
know but I'm gonna try to be with you
I'm gonna reframe the question so that
I'm with you thanks I'm not very good at
articulation yeah thanks for that um
I think
what many people are doing I wrote I
wrote this up a couple months ago and I
should update it
um not that long ago but I too many
folks are doing a strategic retreat
too many folks are saying woe is me the
world is terrible I'm gonna batten down
the hatches uh I'm gonna I'm gonna not
grow but I'm gonna get to cash flow
positive
um there are times I think most Founders
I wrote an Old Testament update called
the year of Hell almost everyone has a
terrible year not everyone almost
everyone has a terrible year usually
it's not actually tied to macro
economics it's tied to a phase
transition terrible higher in sales and
revenue a market change my year of hell
was not during a global meltdown it was
during a rough VP of sales transition
but people have it and sometimes in a
year of hell you have to make a
strategic read you have to say listen I
got I got to survive so I got to take a
couple quarters to get my act together
maybe move on from a few folks on the
team that are destructive or not doing
it I got to get my burn rate under
control and that's fine but you can't
change the ultimate goal of building
something big and real so you just got
to be very careful what the Strategic
Retreat is you have to be very aware of
going back to our kickoff session what
what's my public comp if my public
compost Zoom info or Monday or docim
City or cloudflare why am I not growing
at their rates because it's you not them
it's you there's something wrong with
you but if you have a great team you can
fix it we can build software we're all
building software we can ship more code
we can't we never get enough features
it's always too slow it always takes too
long it's always frustrating if you're a
non-technical Founder it takes even
longer
if you're a technical founder they don't
understand
they they don't they just don't
understand they never understand and
they're supposed to sell what I built
um but you can a great team can always
it's never too late for a great team in
SAS they can always build more software
and catch back up to the market but if
you
if you settle
if you settle in tougher times I don't
see those Founders recovering
that's different than than taking a
quarter or two to get your house
together is not the same as settling
settling is saying I can never find a VP
of sales settling is saying I'll grow at
30 forever settling is saying it's it's
the VC's fault settling is saying they
didn't give me more money settling is
saying it's the macro environment right
settling is saying Mike my competitor
raised 400 billion dollars well At Last
you can raise nothing
well qualtrics raise nothing Well Zoho
raised nothing so sure but maybe maybe
it's what you need is a friggin kick in
the ass
I've needed a kick in the ass from time
to time
I go through and maybe we can end with
this story if it's helpful I've invested
in about 32 Founders uh about four don't
like me
now I'm not cuddly okay I'm not Kumbaya
but I'm about the most honest and
Earnest person you're gonna find okay I
don't I'm not trying to screw anybody
over I'm not trying I'm just trying to
help and of those 32 Founders 30 have
gone through a year of hell
okay and usually I'm the one that has to
give the kick in the ass I'm the one
that has to say look
it's been a quarter it's been two
time to like stop feeling sorry for
yourself
and go build some software and
go get on a plane and go sell something
and
the best Founders do it
the best Founders listen sometimes they
get mad at me because no one else is
honest everyone else is sucking up to
them everyone else is scared of them
um a couple Founders hate me for it they
they wanted to hear it's okay to quit
they wanted to hear it's okay to settle
for mediocre growth they wanted to hear
that it's someone else's fault they
wanted to hear that it's too hard that
uh are it's not my fault our Market
segment's too competitive that our ACV
is too low
um that what that our churn is too high
like it's not my fault our churn is too
high but the best Founders go go and fix
it they they go and fix it and um I'm
not exactly sure how I got completely on
this tangent at 605 PM
um but in terms of shouldn't wood
if you ever had product Market fit and
you have a great team you can get it
again
if you ever had a time of good growth
and you have a good team you can get it
again if you ever you can get it back if
you if you have a mediocre team once in
a while mediocre teams get lightning in
a bottle and they grow really quickly
and then then they fail it does happen
it's more common in B to C than b to B
but it does happen but usually if you
want it badly enough and you have 100
happy cuff servers you can find another
hundred and if you have 500 happy
customers you can find 500 more do you
want it do and in tougher times do you
want it badly enough and once in a while
I'm the guy that has to kick him in the
ass and tell them you you gotta want it
and and I and what I usually tell them
is what my investors didn't tell me
I tell them
hey you're at 22 million in revenue or
six million you're at six million
Revenue growing 70 percent you're at 22
million in revenue and you have a
thousand happy customers you want to
quit
it's you're just getting there it's
supposed to be a little bit hard it's
not as easy as 15 months ago so what Cry
Me a River go out and you know
find another happy customer just like
the one you have go out find another one
just like your biggest customer
um and that's the I may be screwing up
your should versus wood question but
um but if you've ever had a good run go
find it again go find your groove again
if you have a great team it's just some
bits it's just some bits and bites and
and you know how to sell it and you know
how to make customers happy and get your
mojo back and go do it that that's my
shooter wood so anyhow thanks everybody
for coming this was really great we
really appreciate it
um maybe we'll see you in London or the
Bay Area this year or we will we'll
we'll be back for APAC next year so
thanks for being at the first one we
really appreciate it thank you